Stephen Tseu 
Week 2 Assignment 1: CSS – Terminology and Definitions 
-----

1. What are the main differences between external, internal, and inline CSS?
    * External CSS is where a CSS document is separated from the HTML document.
    The document is connected into HTML as a stylesheet. 
    * Internal CSS is where CSS are embedded into the <style></style> section 
    under <head></head> of an HTML document.
    * Inline CSS is where CSS is indicated within the HTML elements itself, i.e., 
    <p style="font-size:10px;"></p>, which indicates that this paragraph
    will be shown in font size 10px on the HTML document only. 

2. What is the syntax for class and ID selectors?
    The syntax for class is preceded by a full stop (.class), 
    while for ID, it is preceded by a hash character (#id). 

3. How would you apply a single rule to two different selectors?
    Use grouping selectors.

4. Given an element that has an id of title and a class of primary, 
how would you use both attributes for a single rule?
    I would use the selector ".primary#title {}".

5. What does the descendant combinator do?
    Focus on the child (descedant) selector(s) that is nested within 
    the parent selector(s). For example, .parent.child will allow us 
    to apply rules only to the .child class(es) nested within the .parent class. 

6. Between a rule that uses one class selector and a rule that 
uses three type selectors, which rule has the higher specificity?

    The ID selectors will have higher specificity. 


7. From inside to outside, what is the order of box-model properties?
    Content > padding > border > margin 

8. What does the box-sizing CSS property do?
    Box-sizing property allows an element to include the padding and
    border within its width and height. 

9. What is the difference between the standard and alternative box model?
    A standard box model will define the inline-size and block-size 
    of the content box. For example, a box with 350x150px (WxH) with 
    a padding of 10px and border of 5px will have actual space of 
    350+20+10 (W) and 150+20+10 (H), which is 380x180px.

    In the alternative box model, elements will have a 350x150px space 
    according to the above example, regardless of its padding and border. 
    To allow for this, set the box-sizing property as "border-box. 

10. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between 2 elements?
    Margin.

11. Would you use margin or padding to create more space between the contents 
of an element and its border?
    Padding.


12. Would you use margin or padding if you wanted two elements to 
overlap each other?
    Padding. 

13. What is the difference between a block element and an inline element?
    Block elements will start with a new line, and takes up the full width 
    available. This includes <p> or <div>. 

    Inline elements will begin in the same line as its previous element. 
    It will only take up as much width as necessary (or as the content).

14. What is the difference between an inline element and an inline-block element?
    Inline-block allows to set a width and height on the element, along 
    with margins and paddings. It also does not add a line-break after this,
    so that this element can sit next to other elements. 

    Inline elements do not have editable width of height. A line-break is 
    not added, but the elements will adjust according to the dimensions 
    of inline elements. 

15. Is an h1 block or inline?
    Block.

16. Is button block or inline?
    Inline. 

17. Is div block or inline?
    Block.

18. Is span block or inline?
    Inline. 

19. What is the difference between a flex container and a flex item?
    Flex container is the HTML element whose display property's value 
    is flex or inline-flex. It is a block-level element. 

    Flex items are the direct children within the flex container. 

20. How do you create a flex item?
    By using the "display: flex" or "display: inline-flex" to create 
    a flex container, the items within the container will become 
    flex items. 

21. What are the 3 values defined in the shorthand flex property?
    The three values are flex-grow | flex-shrink | flex-basis. 
    Flex-grow defines the flex-grow factor of a flex item's main size. 
    Flex-shrink defines the flex-shrink factor of a flex item's main size.
        If the size of all flex items is larger, then items will shrink to 
        fit according to its flex-shrink factor.  
    Flex-basis sets the initial main size of a flex item. 

22. How do you make flex items arrange themselves vertically instead of horizontally?
    By using "flex-direction: column". However, flexboxes may only 
    use horizontal rows or vertical columns at a time. 

23. What is the difference between justify-content and align-items?
    Justify-content defines the alignment along the main axis (x). 
        It helps distribute extra free space when all the flex items 
        are inflexible, or are flexible but have reached their max size. 
    Align-items definites the alignment along the cross axis (y) of main axis. 
        
24. How do you use flexbox to completely center a div inside a flex container?
    I can do so by using the below codes within the CSS selector: 
    .selector {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
    }

    This way, it will arrange the div into flexbox structure, 
    with its content justified to the center. 

25. What is the difference between justify-content: space-between 
and justify-content: space-around?

    Space-between will create extra free space between flex items within
        the flex container itself. However, there will be no extra space 
        before and after the group of flex items. 
    Space-around will create evenly distributed spaces around flex items. 
        This means that each item will have x amount of space around them.
        Visually it will look something like this "| x item 2x item 2x item x |".
        As there are equal spaces around each item, the space between 
        each items will have two units of space, whereas the space 
        before and after the group of flex items will have one unit. 
